welcome to the video review of
transformers Beast Wars polar claw polar
claw is as you can tell a polar bear he
really doesn't have much much movement
in this mode except for this little mode
which I like to call the well let's just
call it the ground pound move when he
does that his mouth opens and he bears
his fangs but ok so that's him in beast
mode he came out at the same time his
transforms Beast Wars
Scorponok in Scorponok and he is a mega
class fixture figure which was then
turned into voyager class later in the
lines and oops something went nuts
alright so let's go ahead and get this
guy transformed it's a very simple
transformation just going to pull the
legs straight down actually take these
legs and move them up like this
it will allow us to flip out the
underside of the figure to deploy the
arms will open that part come around the
back and open the back that will allow
us to rotate it should allow us to
rotate these legs down there we go
all right there all right now that that
pathetic attempt to transform a figure
is done we have here transformers
befores polar claw as you can see this
is his normal face which is a pretty
crazy and then his B's face which is not
very good
I prefer that face alright so in this
mode he has very little pose ability
because of the like gimmick his legs are
pretty much static and his arms are on
ball joints and that's about all the
movement you're going to get interesting
abilities are on this polar bear leg he
can he's got an attack gimmick push this
button here and claw pops out random
third / andum claw not sure what good
that actually does him but hey the other
gimmick is similar to scorponok's
gimmick where Scorponok had to be polar
claw has a bat and this little guy can
fly around and act like a drone like if
you ever watch beast wars and score
pinnock is in the first season he has
that little bee that flies around he can
also our polar claw can also wield the
bee or the bat as a bat gun
anyway so what do I think of this figure
well positives I really did the robot
mode the robot the red and the white and
the dark blue and black are really
really nice I do like the gimmicks of
the little deploying legs and a little
bat those are actually pretty cool
unfortunately the beast mode is pretty
stupid
I like polar bears but it's not a very
good bear transformation is very simple
very simple gimmick in beast mode is
dumb
it looks like he's humping the ground
and then uh mutant face is just black
and robot mode he's kind of use a brick
I mean he's practically a brick with
moving arms that's about it
what I recommend him not really I really
can't recommend him he's not bad he's
just kind of plain but that's just me if
you like the figure go ahead and pick
him up or go ahead and pick up his
Botcon repaint I think it was survive
was his Botcon repaint anyway
um so this is beta this is a beast
Horrors polar claw and I will catch you
next time